Starter Clinic Follow-up Board demo for Sparsh Hair Skin Dermatology Clinic.
This demo is for a very simple problem.
Clinics receive enquiries from WhatsApp, phone calls, Google, Instagram, and website forms.
But when everything is scattered, follow-up depends on memory.
One patient asks about hair fall timing.
Another asks for an acne consultation after six PM. Someone else gives a missed call and waits for callback.
If staff is busy, these warm enquiries can get delayed or completely missed.
The requirement is not a heavy CRM.
Sparsh first needs a practical follow-up board where every enquiry stays visible until someone closes it.
The owner should be able to see what is new, what needs appointment confirmation, what needs callback, and what has already been handled.
So in the Starter package, AICloudStrategist builds a simple clinic enquiry board.
Every enquiry becomes a small card.
The board has four useful sections: New Enquiries, Appointment Requests, Staff Follow-up, and Closed or Summary.
A WhatsApp message like, hair fall consultation timing, appears under New Enquiries.
If the person wants a slot, staff moves it to Appointment Requests.
If callback is needed, it goes to Staff Follow-up with a reminder.
Once the enquiry is booked, not interested, or completed, it moves to Closed.
The components are intentionally simple.
A clinic enquiry board.
WhatsApp click-to-chat or enquiry form capture.
Basic reply templates for timing, location and appointment confirmation.
A daily owner summary showing new, pending, booked and missed follow-ups.
And a privacy-safe setup: no diagnosis, no treatment advice, and no patient medical records in the demo.
The benefit for the clinic is clear.
Warm leads do not disappear inside WhatsApp chat history.
Reception knows what needs action today.
The owner gets visibility without checking every staff phone.
Patients get faster replies for timings, location and appointment requests.
And the clinic can start small, then later upgrade to Growth automation or an advanced WhatsApp API workflow only if needed.
For Sparsh, the first step is only a ten to fifteen minute walkthrough of this starter board using sample data.
After that, we understand their real enquiry process and suggest the smallest practical pilot.